
[Illustration: HARPER'S

YOUNG PEOPLE

AN ILLUSTRATED WEEKLY.]


       *       *       *       *       *

VOL. I.--NO. 7. PUBLISHED BY HARPER & BROTHERS. NEW YORK. PRICE FOUR
CENTS.

Tuesday, December 16, 1879. Copyright, 1879, by HARPER & BROTHERS. $1.50
per Year, in Advance.

       *       *       *       *       *




[Illustration: "AIN'T THEY LOVELY? AND ARE THEY ALL REALLY YOURS?"]

ONE TOUCH OF NATURE.

BY MRS. W. J. HAYS,
AUTHOR OF "THE PRINCESS IDLEWAYS."


Mrs. Douglas was looking over her shopping list, and Lily Douglas was
looking over her mother's shoulder. The Christmas Charity Fair was so
soon to be held that Mrs. Douglas had a world of business to attend to,
for of course her table must be full of pretty things suitable for the
season. She was going out this morning to finish all her purchases, and
Lily had been promised a corner of the carriage if she would be as quiet
as she knew how to be, and not take cold. This was joyfully acceded to,
for with all the glories of the shops to look at, could she not be
still? and with her new velvet cloak and warm furs, how could she take
cold?

So she bounced into the brougham after her mother, and curled herself
into the smallest possible space, that there might be room for all the
packages. Such smiling brown eyes under sweeping lashes looked up at the
sky as she wished for snow, and so warm a little heart beat under the
velvet and furs as the brougham rolled down the street, that more than
one passer-by gave her smiles in return. They had not long been out when
the snow came indeed, as if just to oblige the little maiden; first in a
sulky, slow way, then taking a start as if it were in earnest, down came
the feathery flakes.

"Oh, mamma," she cried, "aren't you glad? Just look at the lovely,
lovely snow!"

"Yes," said mamma, abstractedly, reading off her list; "one dozen
decorated candles; three screens, gilt; six lace tidies; fifteen yards
blue ribbon; dolls--oh, Lily, I have forgotten the dolls, and I must
have them in time to dress them. Knock on the window, and tell Patrick
to turn down town again; but I am afraid the snow will be deep before we
can get home."

"So much the better, mamma," exclaimed Lily. "Oh, I _am_ so glad it has
come!"

Mamma smiled back at her little girl's radiant look, as she said, "What
will all the little poor children do?"

"Do?" answered Lily; "why, they will sweep the walks--look! there they
are now. What fun! I wish I had a broom, and a tin cup for pennies."

Mamma could have preached a little, but she refrained. She did not even
venture to call to Lily's notice the pinched and blue noses and the
chapped hands of the little army of sweepers which had so suddenly
appeared.

The brougham stopped at her signal, and Mrs. Douglas went into an
immense toy-shop, while Lily watched the movements of a little girl who
had attracted her. The child was thin and pale; an old ragged sacque was
her only outer garment, and the sleeves were so short that half her arms
were exposed; on her head was an old untrimmed straw hat; on her feet
shoes large enough for a woman; a faded bit of cotton cloth was twisted
about her neck; in her hand was a broom, made of a bundle of sticks,
such as street-sweepers use. She would make a hasty dash at the snow,
and then, as if struggling between duty and pleasure, would rush from
her sweeping to the shop window, and gaze with an eager and fascinated
intentness at the toys within. Lily looked at her until she became
tired; then, impatient of restraint, she jumped out of the carriage,
and went into the shop after her mother; but Mrs. Douglas was down at
the end of the counter, surrounded by people, and in front of Lily, near
the door, was a basket of dolls gazing up at her with bewitchingly
inviting glances. She began to name them--Jessie, Matilda, Clarissa,
Marguerite, Cleopatra--no, she concluded, she wouldn't have Cleopatra.
What should this other darling be named?--Rosamond.

"Do you think Rosamond a pretty name?" said a timid little voice near
her. It came from the girl she had watched from the carriage window.

"Well, not very," answered Lily; "but you see I have such a large family
that I don't know what to call them all. What name do you like best?"

"Oh, I like almost anything--something short and sweet for such
beauties. Ain't they lovely? and are they all really yours?"

"I'm playing they are mine, and that I keep an orphan asylum. Don't you
want to be a nurse?"

"Oh, if you'd let me!--but I'm too dirty."

"No matter for that. See how the darlings smile at you. I mean to ask
mamma to buy them all. See, I can get one in my muff: she goes in
beautifully."

"So she does; but I like the one that's asleep best. She's awful
cunning. Have they any teeth, and real hair?"

"They are just cutting their teeth, and that's the reason I want a good
nurse; they are so troublesome. They haven't much hair, just a little
bang under their caps."

"A little what?"

"Their hair is banged like mine--don't you see?--out short right across
their foreheads, so it don't come in their eyes: that is Charles the
First style--so my aunt Tilly says."

"Oh, how I wish I had just one doll!"

"Haven't you one?"

"No; she's worn out. She was only rags to begin with, and now she's
nothing, since Pete Smith tossed her in the mud-puddle."

"That was just as hateful as it could be."

"Yes. I cried all night--more than I did when father died, because, you
see, he never did nothing but tell me to get out of the way, and go and
earn money for him to spend in drink. But my dolly used to love me, and
I loved her, and I always had her with me at night, and I told her
stories, and played she was a queen."

"A queen! how funny!"

"I don't think so. Every ribbon I could get I dressed her in it, and
once I found some beads which looked just like the things you see at the
jewellers', and I put them on her, and she was grand; but Pete Smith
took them off when he chucked her into the mud, and now she's good for
nothing."

"Little girl, what are you doing here?" suddenly said a stern voice, and
Lily's acquaintance shot like an arrow from a bow, and began plying
vigorously her broom. Mrs. Douglas, too, came up at that moment, and
pricing the dolls, ordered them to be sent to her.

"Mamma," said Lily, softly, "may I have just this one?"--showing her
muff, into which she had stuffed the coveted article.

"Lily dear, you don't want any more dolls, surely."

"Yes, mamma, just this one."

"Well, take it, child, though I really think it is foolish, when you
have so many."

Mrs. Douglas got into her carriage again, and Lily jumped in too. The
little sweeper looked wistfully after them; but the snow was becoming
more and more in the way of pedestrians, and she had to work hard to
clear the crossing.

A few days after this the Fair was opened, and Mrs. Douglas, at Lily's
request, placed the basket of dolls, which now were glittering in pink
and blue gauze, in the very centre of her table. Every day Lily went
with her mother to the Fair, but never without the one doll, her
mother's latest gift, in her arms. Out of all her stock of clothing she
had dressed it in the very prettiest little frock she could find, and
wrapped it in a merino cloak. It was noticed that whenever she was in
the street she seemed to be looking for some one, and every time the
carriage went down town Lily insisted upon going too.

One morning, to her aunt Tilly's surprise, as they rolled through the
still snow-covered streets, Lily shrieked out, "Oh, there she is! there
she is! Please, Aunt Tilly, let me get out."

Her aunt being good-natured, and supposing that the child saw one of her
companions, stopped the brougham, and away Lily ran. To the aunt's
horror, she saw Lily rush up to a dirty poor little creature sweeping
the crossing. Taking the doll she so faithfully carried every day out of
her arms, she put it in the little street-sweeper's ready embrace with a
most affectionate manner.

"There," she said, "I have been watching for you every day, and I have
dressed this dear thing all for you; and don't you let Pete Smith throw
_her_ in the mud-puddle."

The little sweeper gazed at her as if she were an angel of light, hardly
daring to touch the infant beauty committed to her care.

"And now," said Lily, dragging the girl up to the carriage door, for the
child was abashed and reluctant, "you shall come to the Fair, and see
our other beauties: come. _Please_ let her, Aunt Tilly; she never has
seen anything so lovely before."

How could Aunt Tilly refuse? Side by side with the velvet and furs were
the poor tattered garments of the little sweeper. Side by side were the
two child faces, one so rosy and radiant, the other so pale and
care-worn; and the brougham rolled them both to the Fair.

Exultingly Lily took the child up to her mother's table, proudly
pointing out all its wonderful wealth; but when they both bent over the
basket of dolls that they had played with at the shop door that wintry
morning, and both little pairs of eyes sparkled to behold the increased
beauty of their charms, they forgot everything else, and touchingly
discussed the merits of each dear doll as if they had been two little
mothers in a nursery.

A passer-by said to Mrs. Douglas, as he noticed the contrast in the
children's appearance, "'One touch of nature makes the whole world
kin.'"

"Yes," nodded Mrs. Douglas, in reply; and she resolved that Lily's
little acquaintance should have not only a doll, but plenty of good warm
clothing, and herself for a friend.




THE POCKET BLOW-PIPE.

BY WILLIAM BLAIKIE,
AUTHOR OF "HOW TO GET STRONG, AND HOW TO STAY SO."


Stand erect, with the chin turned a little up. Draw through the nose all
the air you can, till your chest is brimful. Now place in the mouth a
piece of clay pipe stem, say an inch long, and blow through it as long
and hard as you can, as if you were trying to blow out a flame.

Well, what does this do? Try a few whiffs, and see. If not used to it,
at first it may make you feel dull, perhaps dizzy. But this soon wears
off, and you find that a few minutes of this lung-filling now and then
through the day is working wonders. The chest seems to be actually
growing larger; and it really is, for you are stretching out every
corner of it. But the heart and stomach--indeed, about all the vital
organs--feel the new pressure, and better digestion, brisker
circulation, and a warmer and very comfortable feeling over the whole
body are among the results. M----, an oil-broker in New York, says that
at thirty-six he had a weak voice, stood slouched over and inerect, was
troubled with catarrh, and knew too well what it was to have the stomach
and bowels work imperfectly. Most people can not inflate the chest so as
to increase its girth over two inches. By steady practice at his little
pipe, he in about a year got so that he could inflate five whole inches.
But now his chest is noticeably round and full, and he is as straight a
man as any in a dozen. His weak voice has gone; indeed, he says he has
the strongest voice of any in a choir in which he now sings. The catarrh
has left, while his stomach is simply doing nobly. The fuller veins in
his hands and the swifter reaction when he bathes tell that his
circulation is also stronger and quicker than formerly, while he has a
general health and buoyancy to which he had long been a stranger. These
are surely wonderful changes in a man of his age, and in that brief
time, and each change is plainly for the better. Not only do his friends
remark it, but he delights in telling all who will listen. A lady
friend, following his example, found her angular shoulders and
indifferent chest fast improving in a way most gratifying. A friend, at
our suggestion--one of the fastest half-mile runners in America,
by-the-way--tried the pipe. In five weeks of faithful practice he so
enlarged his chest that when his lungs were full he could scarcely
button his vest. He says that in severe running he finds his throat and
bronchial tubes do not tire as easily as before, but are tough and equal
to their work, and so help him to more sustained effort.

Though all the results of this deep breathing are not known, it can
hardly fail to bring great good to many of us in-door people, who most
of the day never half fill our lungs, and at all events it is very easy
to try. Any ivory-worker will for a dime turn you a pipe of bone or
ivory an inch long, three-eighths thick, and with a hole through it a
sixteenth of an inch in diameter, with the sides fluted so that your
teeth may hold it, and prevent you from swallowing it. This, too, can be
readily carried in the pocket. Try it.




[Begun in No. 1 of HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, Nov. 4.]

THE BRAVE SWISS BOY.

_VI.--ON THE TRACK._


The night passed slowly away. Just as Sol was pouring his earliest
morning rays into the little room where Walter had lain unconsciously
for so many hours, the sleeper awoke, rubbed his eyes, and called aloud
for his companion, but, to his surprise, received no answer. He was
astonished to find that he had gone to bed without taking off his
clothes, but he suspected nothing until he saw that Seppi was not in the
room, and at the same moment missed the belt from his waist and the
papers from his pockets. When the whole extent of the calamity flashed
upon him, he felt completely overwhelmed. A cold perspiration started to
his face; he trembled in every limb, and but for the support of the bed,
would have fallen on the floor. "Merciful powers!" he exclaimed, when he
recovered his speech, "can it be possible that Seppi has robbed me and
gone?"

He rushed to the door, which he found was locked. After kicking at it
with great violence for some time, he aroused the attention of André,
who came up, and, after opening the door, demanded the reason of such
behavior.

"Where is Seppi?" exclaimed Walter, paying no heed to his inquiries.
"Tell me instantly what has become of him."

"How should I know?" was the rough reply. "He left the inn before
daybreak."

Walter's fears were fully confirmed. He sank into a chair, and gave way
to an outburst of indignation.

"Don't trouble yourself about being left alone," said André; "your
friend told me last night that he would be sure to return to-morrow, and
has given me orders to let you have everything you ask for."

"You've seen the last of him," returned the youth. "He has robbed me,
and has got safe away by this time. But I won't rest till I have hunted
him down; and woe to him then!"

He rushed to the door to carry out his purpose; but André stopped him.
"Oho, my fine fellow, that's what you're up to," said he. "I see now
that your friend was right when he told me that you were not quite right
in the upper story. You will please stay quietly here till to-morrow
morning, and then you can make it all right with him yourself. You
sha'n't stir out of this room till he comes back, so make up your mind
for it."

With these words the fellow quietly turned on his heel and left the
room, and having locked the door, went down stairs again without paying
further regard to Walter's indignant remonstrances.

There being no possibility of escape by the door, Walter ran to the
window, and looking out, saw that the window-sill was scarcely twenty
feet from the ground, and that no one was visible outside. His plans
were quickly formed. Tying the sheets together, he fastened one end to
the window-frame, and lowered himself to the ground. But a new
difficulty presented itself. Which direction should he take? While he
thus stood for an instant in doubt, he heard a shout from the window
overhead, and looking up, beheld André, who by this time had brought his
breakfast.

"What game is this you're up to?" exclaimed the unwelcome custodian.
"Stir a foot from there till I come, and it will be the worse for you."

Paying no heed to this threat, Walter ran at the top of his speed toward
the main road, and would perhaps have made good his escape had not a
broad ditch barred his way, which he was in the act of crossing, when he
slipped, and was overtaken by André, who, after a struggle, managed to
secure his charge.

"I've got you again, my boy!" said his captor, triumphantly. "You might
as well have paid attention to what I told you, for now you must march
back again, and take up your quarters in the cellar, instead of having a
comfortable room. I'll warrant you'll not get away again in a hurry."

The unfortunate youth, half stunned with the events of the morning, and
considerably bruised with the fall, was overpowered by the superior
strength of his pursuer, and had to resign himself quietly to his fate.
They had just got back to the inn, and were in the act of entering, when
the sound of wheels was heard; and on looking back, a post-chaise with
four horses was seen rapidly approaching the inn.

The carriage was open, and two young men reclined upon the soft
cushions, while a handsome dog lay upon the front seat, and looked up
with an intelligent glance at one of the gentlemen, who seemed to be its
master.

"Let us have some refreshment," said the gentleman to André, who was
somewhat taken aback by the unexpected arrival of travellers at that
early hour. "Look sharp, my man! We must be in Paris in an hour, and
have no time to lose."

Forgetting his prisoner, André hurried in to make the necessary
preparations, while Walter, pale and breathless, leaned against the side
of the door.

"Mr. Seymour!" he suddenly exclaimed, on beholding one of the
travellers. "Mr. Seymour! Pray assist me."

The stranger leaped from the carriage and hastened toward the unhappy
youth.

"Can I believe my eyes?--Watty!" he exclaimed--"Watty, from the Bernese
Oberland! Look here, Lafond; this is the boy that got me the young
vultures from the Engelhorn, the narrative of whose courage you admired
so much. But what are you doing here, my boy? And what is the meaning of
all this distress?"

"I have been robbed of a large sum of money here, and the thief has
escaped with it. I was going in pursuit of him--"

"Don't believe a word of what he says, Sir," interrupted André, who at
that moment issued from the inn. "The poor fellow is not right in his
mind. His companion told me so, and I am going to take care of him till
he comes back. He'll be here to-morrow."

"Fool!" exclaimed Mr. Seymour, angrily, "this young man is an old
acquaintance of mine. Don't you dare to lay hands on him, or you shall
suffer for it! And now, Walter, tell me the whole story as quickly as
you can."

The young man related all that had happened since his arrival in Paris.

"It's a bad affair, my good fellow," said Mr. Seymour, shaking his head
and shrugging his shoulders thoughtfully. "Your companion has most
likely travelled all night, and it will be hard work to find out which
way he has gone. But never mind; we must try what can be done. Come with
us to Paris, and I will get the police to make instant search for the
thief. But in the first place," he continued, turning to André, who
looked on in sullen astonishment, "let us have something to eat; and
then we'll be off to Paris, where the scoundrel is most likely hiding
himself."

Mr. Seymour's companion, a pale and delicate-looking man, had listened
in silence to all that had passed, but while they were partaking of the
refreshment that had been hastily prepared, he joined in the
conversation.

"My dear Seymour," said he, "I think I know a better plan to get on the
track of this swindler than if we had the help of all the policemen of
Paris."

"Name it," returned his friend.

"Well, you know the St. Bernard dogs are the best in the world for
following up a scent; and as Hector is a capital specimen of the breed,
I think we can not do better than set him on the track."

"But the dog doesn't know him, so how can he trace him?"

"The fellow has perhaps left something behind him in his hurry; if so,
then let Hector get his nose to it, and I'll wager anything that he'll
follow him up even if he is fifty miles off."

"That's a capital idea," assented Mr. Seymour, delighted at the prospect
of serving his young friend. "Hector knows that we're speaking about
him. See how knowing he looks! Run, Walter, and see if your precious
companion has left anything behind him."

Accompanied by André, who began to perceive that Seppi had cheated him,
Walter sped up stairs to the room in which he had slept, and soon
returned in triumph.

"He has left some of his clothes," exclaimed the now excited youth.
"They are worthless things; and certainly no loss to him, after getting
possession of all that money."

"Not so worthless after all," signified Mr. Seymour. "Who knows but we
may find this bundle worth fifty thousand francs to you, Walter, or
rather to Mr. Frieshardt? Lay it down here. Now then, Hector, take a
good sniff."

The hound jumped from the carriage, smelled the bundle all round, then
looked up at his master in an intelligent way, and gave a short deep
bark.

"Hector will be on the track immediately," was the assurance given by
Mr. Lafond. "Find--lost--find, my fine fellow!" he exclaimed.

The animal thoroughly understood its master's wish, and ran round the
inn with its nose close to the ground. Suddenly it came to a stand,
looked back, and gave another short bark, as if to say, "Here!"

"Bravo, Hector!" exclaimed both the gentlemen, in delight. "Come and
smell again. Good dog!"

The dog sniffed the bundle once more, and after making another detour of
the inn, stood still at the old spot.

"He has got the scent now, without a doubt," said the stranger. "Keep up
your heart, young man, and we'll get the money out of this scoundrel's
clutches just as certain as you got the birds from the Engelhorn for my
friend. Jump into the carriage. Follow the dog, postilion. Off with
you!"

The pursuit continued rapidly. The sharp-scented hound never showed the
least doubt or wandering. On a few occasions it turned off into by-paths
to the right or left, but always returned in a few seconds to the main
road that led to Havre.

The horses were changed two or three times, but the dog seemed as fresh
as when the pursuit commenced. It was growing late in the afternoon; but
although Hector continued to hold on as before, Mr. Lafond shook his
head, and began to doubt whether they were on the right track after all.

The two friends made a careful calculation of the time and distance, and
Mr. Seymour also began to feel rather anxious. He stopped the carriage,
called the dog back, and made him smell Seppi's bundle again, which they
had taken care to bring with them. The dog gave the same short sharp
bark as before, then turned round again, and continued the journey in
the old direction.

"I haven't the least doubt now," said Mr. Seymour, cheerfully. "We must
be on the right track. Go on, postilion!"

After the lapse of half an hour the dog stopped suddenly, threw its head
up in the air, and sniffed all around in evident confusion; then, after
making a slight detour with anxious speed, leaped across the ditch by
the road-side. With a loud bark that seemed to express satisfaction, the
intelligent creature made for a small clump of bushes at a little
distance from the road, into which it disappeared. In the course of a
minute or two the barking was renewed, but this time in a threatening
tone.

"We've got him!" exclaimed Mr. Seymour. "There's no doubt the fellow
found he could get no farther, and has taken up his quarters in the
cover yonder, to make up for the sleep he lost last night."

"Let us go over there, then," said his companion, leaping from the
carriage and across the ditch. "Hector is calling us, and is sure to be
right."

[Illustration: "PINNED TO THE EARTH BY THE SAGACIOUS ANIMAL."]

Mr. Seymour leaped the ditch, followed by Walter and one of the two
postilions. Guided by the barking of the dog, they soon reached the
thicket, and there found the man they were in quest of, pinned to the
earth by the sagacious animal.

"Oh, Seppi! Seppi!" exclaimed Walter, in astonishment and sorrow, "how
could you be guilty of such an act as this!"

The conscience-stricken man paled before the indignant youth.

"I will give you back everything, and beg your pardon for all I've
done," whined the wretched drover, "if you will only release me from
this savage brute that has nearly been the death of me."

At the call of his master the dog quitted his hold, and Seppi handed
Walter the money-belt.

Walter counted the notes and gold, and was glad to find the contents
untouched. Seppi rose to his feet meanwhile, but stood looking to the
ground in shame and fear.

Walter, feeling compassion for him, begged that he might be let off; and
Mr. Seymour consented.

Seppi was overjoyed at being let off so easily. He had not dared to
expect that Walter would have taken his part, and felt really thankful
that his first great crime had not met with a severe and terrible
punishment. With earnestness in his tone, he thanked his former
companion, and with unaffected emotion assured him solemnly that he
would never again stretch out his hand to that which did not belong to
him.

He kissed Walter's hand and moistened it with his tears, and was gone.

"Now," said Mr. Seymour, "I think we must set off toward Paris, if we
are to get there to-night."

After a long journey, the travellers reached the French metropolis; and
Walter repaired with Mr. Seymour to one of the best hotels, where, in a
soft and luxurious bed, he soon forgot the toil and anxiety of the day,
and slept sounder than he had ever done in his life.

[TO BE CONTINUED.]




THE WEASEL AND THE FROGS.


"I think the weasel is a mean, wicked murderer," said Harry, as he came
rushing into his mother's room, his face flushed and his little fists
clinched tight together: "My white rabbit lies all in a little dead heap
in his house, and Mike, the gardener, says the weasel has killed him. He
saw it prowling round the barn last night, and why he didn't set a trap
and catch it I don't see."

Mamma put aside her sewing, and went to comfort Harry, who began to cry
bitterly for the loss of his pet.

"Poor Bunny!" said mamma; "he should not have been left out when Mr.
Weasel was around. But we will buy another Bunny, two Bunnies, a white
one and a black one, and they shall have a nice little house in the
wood-shed, where no weasel can find them."

[Illustration: WEASEL AND FROGS--THE INTERRUPTED CONCERT.]

Harry brightened up at once at the prospect of having two Bunnies, while
mamma said: "Now let us talk a little about the weasel. It is not so
much to be blamed, after all, for killing Bunny, for it was born with
the instinct to catch rabbits and squirrels, rats, mice, and many other
small animals, as well as chickens and birds of all kinds. Weasels are
very sly little beasts, although if captured when very young they can be
tamed, and taught to eat out of their master's hand. If you will listen,
and not cry any more, I will tell you what I saw and heard one summer
afternoon over by the pond in the meadow. You know it is a very small
pond, and that afternoon the water was so still that it looked like a
glass eye in the midst of the great green meadow. I sat down on the bank
to rest, and to watch the reflection of the bushes and tall
water-grasses which overhung the pond. Suddenly the surface of the water
was disturbed by a hundred circling ripples, in the centre of which
appeared a small dark spot. As I watched, these dark spots became
visible all over the pond. The sun was setting, and the beautiful summer
twilight coming on, and it was so still it seemed as if Nature and all
her pretty minstrels were fast asleep. All at once I heard a hoarse
voice, which seemed at my very feet. 'Chu-lunk, chu-lunk, chu-lunk,' it
said. It must have been the chorister calling his frog chorus together
for their evening song, for in a moment a multitude of voices were
answering from the long grasses, the bushes, the water--indeed, the
whole neighborhood, a moment before so quiet, was alive with little frog
people. They evidently had some cause of complaint against a very wicked
person, as my little Harry has just now, for I distinctly heard one say,
'Stole a rabbit, stole a rabbit;' while another answered, 'I saw him do
it, I saw him do it.' Then the whole chorus burst out,'We'll pull him
in, we'll pull him in.' 'Plump, plump, plump,' added one voice more
revengeful than all the rest. I sat very still, waiting to see what was
to be pulled plump into the water. I did not have long to wait, but I
fancy things took a turn contrary to the one desired by the frog people.
There was a sudden rustling in the bushes, a sharp, quick sound like the
springing of a cat. The chorus was still in an instant, but the entire
shore of the little pond was covered with rushing, springing, jumping
frogs. Pell-mell they tumbled over each other in headlong race for the
water, to escape their cruel enemy, which now appeared, and showed
himself to be a slender little weasel. He darted here and there among
the helpless frogs, which made no attempts to 'pull him in,' but bent
their whole efforts toward self-preservation. At length, seizing a fat
frog in his mouth, the weasel turned and disappeared noiselessly among
the bushes. Peace reigned once more, but the little frog people had all
jumped into the water, and not a voice was heard protesting or uttering
farther threats."

"And did the weasel get more than one poor little frog, mamma?" asked
Harry.

"No, he carried off only one frog," replied mamma; "but he killed
several more, which he left lying dead in the grass. I dug a hole in the
mud with a sharp stick and buried them, so that their companions should
not find them when they ventured on shore again."

"Well," said Harry, after thinking a few moments, "now I guess I'll go
and bury my poor dead rabbit."




[Begun in No. 5 of HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, Dec. 2.]

THE HISTORY OF PHOTOGEN AND NYCTERIS.

A Day and Night Mährchen.

BY GEORGE MACDONALD.


XI.--THE SUNSET.

[Illustration: "LIKE A SWIFT SHADOW IT SPED OVER THE GRASS."]

Knowing nothing of darkness, or stars, or moon, Photogen spent his days
in hunting. On a great white horse he swept over the grassy plains,
glorying in the sun, fighting the wind, and killing the buffaloes. One
morning, when he happened to be on the ground a little earlier than
usual, and before his attendants, he caught sight of an animal unknown
to him, stealing from a hollow into which the sun rays had not yet
reached. Like a swift shadow it sped over the grass, slinking southward
to the forest. He gave chase, noted the body of a buffalo it had half
eaten, and pursued it the harder. But with great leaps and bounds the
creature shot farther and farther ahead of him, and vanished. Turning,
therefore, defeated, he met Fargu, who had been following him as fast as
his horse could carry him.

"What animal was that, Fargu?" he asked. "How he did run!"

Fargu answered he might be a leopard, but he rather thought, from his
pace and look, that he was a young lion.

"What a coward he must be!" said Photogen.

"Don't be too sure of that," rejoined Fargu. "He is one of the creatures
the sun makes uncomfortable. As soon as the sun is down he will be brave
enough."

He had scarcely said it when he repented; nor did he regret it the less
when he found that Photogen made no reply. But, alas! said was said.

"Then," said Photogen to himself, "that contemptible beast is one of the
terrors of sundown, of which Madam Watho spoke."

He hunted all day, but not with his usual spirit. He did not ride so
hard, and did not kill one buffalo. Fargu, to his dismay, observed also
that he took every pretext for moving farther south, nearer to the
forest. But all at once, the sun now sinking in the west, he seemed to
change his mind, for he turned his horse's head, and rode home so fast
that the rest could not keep him in sight. When they arrived, they found
his horse in the stable, and concluded that he had gone into the castle.
But he had, in truth, set out again by the back of it. Crossing the
river a good way up the valley, he reascended to the ground they had
left, and just before sunset reached the skirts of the forest.

The level orb shone straight in between the bare stems, and saying to
himself he could not fail to find the beast, he rushed into the wood.
But even as he entered, he turned and looked to the west. The rim of the
red sun was touching the horizon, all jagged with broken hills. "Now,"
said Photogen, "we shall see;" but he said it in the face of a darkness
he had not proved. The moment the sun began to sink among the spikes and
saw-edges, with a kind of sudden flap at his heart, a fear inexplicable
laid hold of the youth; and as he had never felt anything of the kind
before, the very fear itself terrified him. As the sun sank, it rose
like the shadow of the world, and grew deeper and darker. He could not
even think what it might be, so utterly did it enfeeble him. When the
last flaming cimeter-edge of the sun went out like a lamp, his horror
seemed to blossom into very madness. Like the closing lids of an
eye--for there was no twilight, and this night no moon--the terror and
the darkness rushed together, and he knew them for one. He was no longer
the man he had known, or rather thought himself. The courage he had had
was in no sense his own; he had only had courage, not been courageous;
it had left him, and he could scarcely stand--certainly not stand
straight, for not one of his joints could he make stiff or keep from
trembling. He was but a spark of the sun, in himself nothing.

The beast was behind him--stealing upon him! He turned. All was dark in
the wood, but to his fancy the darkness here and there broke into pairs
of green eyes, and he had not the power even to raise his bow-hand from
his side. In the strength of despair he strove to rouse courage enough,
not to fight--that he did not even desire--but to run. Courage to flee
home was all he could even imagine, and it would not come. But what he
had not was ignominiously given him. A cry in the wood, half a screech,
half a growl, sent him running like a boar-wounded cur. It was not even
himself that ran, it was the fear that had come alive in his legs: he
did not know that they moved. But as he ran he grew able to run--gained
courage at least to be a coward. The stars gave a little light. Over the
grass he sped, and nothing followed him. "How fallen, how changed," from
the youth who had climbed the hill as the sun went down! A mere contempt
of himself, the self that contemned was a coward with the self it
contemned! There lay the shapeless black of a buffalo, humped upon the
grass: he made a wide circuit, and swept on like a shadow driven in the
wind. For the wind had arisen, and added to his terror: it blew from
behind him. He reached the brow of the valley, and shot down the steep
descent like a falling star. Instantly the whole upper country behind
him arose and pursued him! The wind came howling after him, filled with
screams, shrieks, yells, roars, laughter, and chattering, as if all the
animals of the forest were careering with it. In his ears was a
trampling rush, the thunder of the hoofs of the cattle, in career from
every quarter of the wide plains to the brow of the hill above him! He
fled straight for the castle, scarcely with breath enough to pant.

As he reached the bottom of the valley, the moon peered up over its
edge. He had never seen the moon before--except in the daytime, when he
had taken her for a thin bright cloud. She was a fresh terror to him--so
ghostly! so ghastly! so grewsome!--so knowing as she looked over the top
of her garden wall upon the world outside! That was the night itself!
the darkness alive--and after him! the horror of horrors coming down the
sky to curdle his blood, and turn his brain to a cinder! He gave a sob,
and made straight for the river, where it ran between the two walls, at
the bottom of the garden. He plunged in, struggled through, clambered up
the bank, and fell senseless on the grass.


XII.--THE GARDEN.

Although Nycteris took care not to stay out long at a time, and used
every precaution, she could hardly have escaped discovery so long, had
it not been that the strange attacks to which Watho was subject had been
more frequent of late, and had at last settled into an illness which
kept her to her bed. But whether from an access of caution, or from
suspicion, Falca, having now to be much with her mistress both day and
night, took it at length into her head to fasten the door as often as
she went out by her usual place of exit; so that one night, when
Nycteris pushed, she found, to her surprise and dismay, that the wall
pushed her again, and would not let her through; nor with all her
searching could she discover wherein lay the cause of the change. Then
first she felt the pressure of her prison walls, and turning, half in
despair, groped her way to the picture where she had once seen Falca
disappear. There she soon found the spot by pressing upon which the wall
yielded. It let her through into a sort of cellar, where was a glimmer
of light from a sky whose blue was paled by the moon. From the cellar
she got into a long passage, into which the moon was shining, and came
to a door. She managed to open it, and, to her great joy, found herself
in _the other place_, not on the top of the wall, however, but in the
garden she had longed to enter. Noiseless as a fluffy moth she flitted
away into the covert of the trees and shrubs, her bare feet welcomed by
the softest of carpets, which, by the very touch, her feet knew to be
alive, whence it came that it was so sweet and friendly to them. A soft
little wind was out among the trees, running now here, now there, like a
child that had got its will. She went dancing over the grass, looking
behind her at her shadow as she went. At first she had taken it for a
little black creature that made game of her, but when she perceived that
it was only where she kept the moon away, and that every tree, however
great and grand a creature, had also one of these strange attendants,
she soon learned not to mind it, and by-and-by it became the source of
as much amusement to her as to any kitten its tail. It was long before
she was quite at home with the trees, however. At one time they seemed
to disapprove of her; at another, not even to know she was there, and to
be altogether taken up with their own business. Suddenly, as she went
from one to another of them, looking up with awe at the murmuring
mystery of their branches and leaves, she spied one a little way off
which was very different from all the rest. It was white, and dark, and
sparkling, and spread like a palm--a small slender palm, without much
head; and it grew very fast, and sang as it grew. But it never grew any
bigger, for just as fast as she could see it growing, it kept falling to
pieces. When she got close to it, she discovered it was a water
tree--made of just such water as she washed with, only it was alive, of
course, like the river--a different sort of water from that, doubtless,
seeing the one crept swiftly along the floor, and the other shot
straight up, and fell, and swallowed itself, and rose again. She put her
feet into the marble basin, which was the flower-pot in which it grew.
It was full of real water, living and cool--so nice, for the night was
hot.

But the flowers! ah, the flowers! she was friends with them from the
very first. What wonderful creatures they were!--and so kind and
beautiful--always sending out such colors and such scents--red scent,
and white scent, and yellow scent--for the other creatures! The one that
was invisible and everywhere took such a quantity of their scents, and
carried it away! yet they did not seem to mind. It was their talk, to
show they were alive, and not painted like those on the walls of her
rooms, and on the carpets.

She wandered along down the garden until she reached the river. Unable
then to get any further--for she was a little afraid, and justly, of the
swift watery serpent--she dropped on the grassy bank, dipped her feet in
the water, and felt it running and pushing against them. For a long time
she sat thus, and her bliss seemed complete, as she gazed at the river,
and watched the broken picture of the great lamp overhead, moving up one
side of the roof to go down the other.


XIII.--SOMETHING QUITE NEW.

A beautiful moth brushed across the great blue eyes of Nycteris. She
sprang to her feet to follow it, not in the spirit of the hunter, but of
the lover. Her heart--like every heart, if only its fallen sides were
cleared away--was an inexhaustible fountain of love: she loved
everything she saw. But as she followed the moth, she caught sight of
something lying on the bank of the river, and not yet having learned to
be afraid of anything, ran straight to see what it was. Reaching it, she
stood amazed. Another girl like herself! But what a strange-looking
girl!--so curiously dressed, too!--and not able to move! Was she dead?
Filled suddenly with pity, she sat down, lifted Photogen's head, laid it
on her lap, and began stroking his face. Her warm hands brought him to
himself. He opened his black eyes, out of which had gone all the fire,
and looked up with a strange sound of fear--half moan, half gasp. But
when he saw her face he drew a deep breath, and lay motionless--gazing
at her: those blue marvels above him, like a better sky, seemed to side
with courage and assuage his terror. At length, in a trembling, awed
voice, and a half-whisper, he said, "Who are you?"

"I am Nycteris," she answered.

"You are a creature of the darkness, and love the night," he said, his
fear beginning to move again.

"I may be a creature of the darkness," she replied. "I hardly know what
you mean. But I do not love the night. I love the day--with all my
heart; and I sleep all the night long."

"How can that be?" said Photogen, rising on his elbow, but dropping his
head on her lap again the moment he saw the moon--"how can it be," he
repeated, "when I see your eyes there wide-awake?"

She only smiled and stroked him, for she did not understand him, and
thought he did not know what he was saying.

"Was it a dream, then?" resumed Photogen, rubbing his eyes. But with
that his memory came clear, and he shuddered, and cried, "Oh, horrible!
horrible! to be turned all at once into a coward!--a shameful,
contemptible, disgraceful coward! I am ashamed--ashamed--and _so_
frightened! It is all so frightful!"

[TO BE CONTINUED.]




IN LUCK.

BY MRS. ZADEL B. GUSTAFSON.


Lily De Koven was in luck. Luck, you know, is a word which stands for
that which comes to you without your having done anything to get it for
yourself; and as she had never done anything to bring about such
results, I call it the good luck of little Lily De Koven that she had
been born in a lovely home, to kind parents, and was growing up with all
the most pleasant things of life around her. She had a little maid to
braid her pretty yellow hair, lace her dainty boots, go up stairs and
down stairs, or stay in her little lady's chamber dressing and making
over the dresses of Lily's family of dolls.

One day, when Lily was not very well, and was lying in bed propped up by
the pillows, her maid came in with a new doll, larger and handsomer than
all the others.

Lily received the new doll calmly, for if it did not suit her she knew
she could have another, so she had no cause for excitement. She looked
it over carefully, touched the spring which made its eyes roll, drew off
one of its tiny silk shoes and stockings, passed her hand over the lace
train.

"I'll keep it," said Lily; "and now you bring me the whole family."

When all her dolls, little and big--all of them had been handsome in
their day, but some of them were a little the worse for wear--were laid
on the bed, she put the new one, with curling yellow hair almost exactly
like her own, on the pillow beside her, and took up the others one by
one.

"You can throw this one away," she said at last, holding out one which
had a broken arm, and was leaking sawdust at the elbow; "I don't want
but twelve children, anyway."

When her maid went out, Lily looked at her new doll, touched its hair
and rich costume, but there was not any wonder in it for her; there had
never been a time when she had not had as pretty dolls as money could
buy; so Lily sighed and fell asleep almost immediately. Now Lily's maid
left the disgraced doll on a chair in the kitchen, and there Mary the
cook found it. It had on a pretty muslin dress and sash, and nice
embroidered underwear, just like any fashionable young lady. It was
Christmas week, and Mary had bought a doll to give to her little niece
on Christmas-day, and seeing at once what a treasure this costume would
be, she took it off, did it up as fresh as new, and made the doll she
had bought look quite like a princess in it. So the old broken-armed
doll had not a rag left of its former glory. But luck sometimes comes
even to dolls.

Three days later, early in the cold morning, a little girl stood
ankle-deep in the new-fallen snow in front of the grand house where Lily
De Koven with her twelve waxen children lived.

This little girl was Biddy O'Dolan, and Biddy O'Dolan was in luck on
this cold morning.

She had on nothing that you would call clothes; she had on _duds_. She
had no parents and no home. She had some straw in a cellar, where other
children who wore duds slept at night on other bunches of straw. She was
a rag-picker and an ash girl, and sometimes was very hungry, and
sometimes was beaten by other poor hungry wretches, who, because they
were miserable, wanted to hurt somebody--not knowing any better--and so
beat Biddy O'Dolan because there was no one to interfere. In spite of
all these things, Biddy was sometimes merry, which I think is wonderful.

[Illustration: "BIDDY HELD IT OUT IN A KIND OF STUPEFIED DELIGHT."]

On this cold morning, in front of the wide stone steps of Lily De
Koven's home, Biddy had found an ash can, and, poking over the ashes,
had found and pulled out the very broken-armed doll which Lily had
ordered to be thrown away, which Mary the cook had stripped of its fine
robes, and which had last of all been swept up and put in the ash
barrel, and so had come to the lowest possible condition of a once rich
doll. Biddy held it out, and looked straight before her for a moment,
at nothing in particular, in a kind of stupefied delight; for a doll,
even such a doll as this, had never been in her little cramped, purple
hands before. Then suddenly she tucked it in her breast, drew her dingy
sacque around it tight, caught up her rag bag, and with a scared glance
at the windows of Lily's fine home, she ran down the street.

Her heart beat so that it was like a little hammer striking quick blows
against the breast of the doll. Biddy had never had anything to love,
and from the moment she had got this doll hidden in her bosom she loved
it, and I think she was in good luck to have found something which could
bring her this dear feeling. And as for the doll, in its proudest days
it had never been loved, and now, when forlorn and cast out, it had
found a warm heart, and had come, if it could only have known it, into
the best luck of its whole life.

I should like to tell you the whole story of Biddy O'Dolan--of what she
did for the doll, and what the doll did for her; but to-day I want to
call your attention to something else, and if you will heed my wish, I
will heed yours, and soon tell you the rest of Biddy's story.

The good things that come to us have a way--which you will notice if you
are observant--of seeming to connect themselves together in a circle of
sweet thoughts and hopes, just as our friends might join hands and make
a ring around us.

It was so with Biddy that day. As she ran on with her doll she was
constantly thinking of something which she had hardly thought of since
it had happened two years before. It was this: Biddy had been run over
by a horse and cart, and carried, much hurt, to one of the New York
hospitals for children. There she had been tenderly cared for, which was
a great mystery to Biddy, and on Christmas morning she had waked up to
find beautiful fresh Christmas greens on the wall at the foot of her
little cot and around the window, and a lady standing in this window,
while a little girl held out to Biddy a bunch of flowers that smelled as
sweet as a whole summer garden.

Biddy had not understood the meaning of these things; she had only
wearily noticed that the little girl was pretty, and not at all like
her, and that the flowers and greens were "jolly." That day, when she
fled with her doll, she thought of the hospital; and though she did not
understand any better than before why there should be such great
difference in the lives of little children, she for the first time felt
that the lady and her little girl had been kind, had been sorry for her.
So you _see_ that even after so long a time as a whole year, a little
seed of kindness may sprout in the heart; and don't you think, dear
children of New York, you who have every day the good luck of health,
happy homes, and pleasant things, that it would be delightful to bring
just one taste of such luck to the little ones in the New York
hospitals? Would you not like to blessedly surprise them on next
Christmas morning? You know the best hospital in the world can not be
like home with father and mother in it. But if you want to make the
hospitals seem almost like home to the little children for a whole happy
day, you can not begin too soon to look over all your little treasures,
and choose all you can part with. You all have cast-off toys,
story-books that have been read through, and boxes full of odds and
ends, and it takes very little to brighten the face of a poor sick child
lying alone in a hospital cot. A single pretty picture-card will do it.
Then, too, you can save your pennies and dimes, so that before Christmas
comes you can go into the stores and buy some of the books and
playthings that children like best; and all of you who can must tie on
your warm hoods and scamper away into the woods after the lovely
prince's-pine and scarlet berries. All the pretty things you can gather
to make bright the place where these other children stay will make your
own Christmas one of the merriest you ever knew, for when you are
pulling out the "goodies" from your plump bunchy stockings at home, you
will like to think of so many other little eyes and hands and hearts
brimful of the Christmas happiness which you have made.




[Illustration: OUR POST-OFFICE BOX.]


Our young correspondents ask us for so many things that it would be
impossible to gratify them all at once. Their requests are carefully
filed, however, and will not be forgotten.

       *       *       *       *       *

Hattie V., Cincinnati, writes:

     I have a little brother eight years old, who has a great wish to
     learn to play the violin. The other night he said to papa, "I wish
     I was a king." "Why?" asked papa. "Because a king has so much
     money, I would choose a man who had plenty of sense to rule, while
     I played the fiddle." Papa gets _Harper's Young People_ for him,
     and is going to have it bound.

       *       *       *       *       *

Minnie B., of Wisconsin, says:

     I am a constant reader of _Young People_, especially the
     "Post-Office." I think that game called "Wiggles" is splendid fun,
     for I like to draw.

       *       *       *       *       *

The following is from Lilian, of Louisville:

     My papa gets _Harper's Young People_ for us, and we like it very
     much. My mamma longed for something nice for us to read, and she
     thinks this is the very thing. She says it is healthful reading for
     her three little girls, and she is as glad to welcome it for us as
     the _Bazar_ for herself.

       *       *       *       *       *

Answers to "Inquisitive Jim" are received from Charles W. L., and F. B.
Hesse (both aged eleven years), who give correct information concerning
the establishment of the Bank of England, and from C. W. Gibbons, who
writes a full description of this celebrated institution, which we are
compelled to condense: The Bank of England was first suggested by
William Paterson, a London merchant, and was incorporated under its
present name in 1694, during the reign of William and Mary. The business
of the bank was conducted at Grocers' Hall until 1732, when the house
and garden of Sir John Houblon, its first governor, were purchased as a
site for the present building, which, although not imposing as a whole,
contains some handsome architecture based on ancient models. The
principal entrance of the bank is on Threadneedle Street, but why it is
irreverently called "the Old Lady" I do not know. Can any one tell me?

       *       *       *       *       *

EDWIN K.--"General" is the highest rank in the United States army. It
was created in July, 1866, and bestowed upon General Grant, who had for
two years previous held the position of Lieutenant-General. When General
Grant resigned his position on being elected President of the United
States, Sherman became General, and Sheridan Lieutenant-General.

       *       *       *       *       *

"SCHOOL-BOY."--Cape Trafalgar derives its name from
_Taral-al-ghar_--signifying "promontory of the cave"--the appellation
given it by the ancient Moors.

       *       *       *       *       *

ROBERT N.--You will find the information you desire in the "Post-Office"
of our sixth number.

       *       *       *       *       *

HARRY L. G.--"American Club Skates" are the most popular at present
among boys, as they require neither straps nor heel plate, and fit very
firmly to the foot.

       *       *       *       *       *

DORSEY COATE.--The directions for keeping gold-fish, given in _Harper's
Young People_, No. 6, will apply to your "common fish."

       *       *       *       *       *

RALPH.--General George Washington was born in a modest mansion near the
Potomac, half way between Pope's and Bridge's creeks, Westmoreland
County, Virginia. Of this mansion nothing now remains but a few
scattered ruins. It was destroyed by fire while Washington was still
very young, and his father removed to a country residence in Stafford
County, near Fredericksburg.

       *       *       *       *       *

FRANKIE H.--We would very gladly help you and your sister "to be
industrious," but have not room enough in the "Post-Office" to describe
many things. We refer your sister to directions for pretty needle-work
in _Young People_, Nos. 2 and 5, also to suggestions for Lulu W., in
this column. You will say those are all for girls. Now boys can make
many pretty things with a scroll saw, such as frames, brackets, and
boxes, all suitable for Christmas.

       *       *       *       *       *

LULU W. can arrange her cards of pressed seaweed prettily by taking two
good-sized scallop shells, and fastening the shells and cards together
with a bow of ribbon at the back. By using blank cards a pretty
autograph album may be also made. It is easy to drill holes in the
shells through which to pass the ribbon, and they may be ornamented with
paintings or pictures pasted on.

  A. P.

       *       *       *       *       *

Postage-stamp Case for Lulu W. Take a piece of perforated card-board
about two inches and a half square, work an initial or any little figure
on one side, on the other side "Stamps" in small letters. Line the
pieces with bright-colored silk, and bind three sides together with
ribbon. It can be made more ornamental by putting tiny bows at the
corners.

  L. B.

       *       *       *       *       *

H. W. and AMELIA F.--Your suggestions to Susie H. C. are good, but not
new enough to print. Thanks for your pleasant letters.

       *       *       *       *       *

We acknowledge the receipt of a prettily written letter from Robert S.,
St. Johns, Michigan, and answers to puzzles from Gussie L., Robert N.,
Grace A. McG., William C. R., Heywood C., F. B. Hesse, Addie A. B.,
C. M. J., Edwin Van R., Joseph S. G., Martha W. D., Bertie McJ., Charles
E. L., and C. F. D.




THE SNOW-FLOWER.

[Illustration]


In California, the land of wonders, is found a wonderful plant. The
traveller who is exploring the Yosemite region in June will find
lingering patches of snow and ice amongst the cliffs, and there he may
be fortunate enough to see this astonishing production rising fresh and
superb beside its icy bed. It springs from the edges of the snow-banks,
growing ten or fifteen inches high, and is called in common phrase the
"snow-flower," from its location, not its coloring, for it is blood-red,
of the richest crimson carmine, buds, flowers, stems, leaves, and
sheathing bulb all of the same ensanguined hue. The flowers are
thickish, something like the pyrola, and its manner of growth resembles
the hyacinth, with bell-shaped flowers clustering along the upper part
of the stem, and erect, pointed leaves. This plant is mentioned by Mr.
Brace in his book on California, and specimens have been sent to the
North, but they are generally in very poor condition when they arrive.

As the years slip by, no doubt many of the now quite youthful readers of
this paper will find themselves sauntering among the snow-crowned cliffs
of the Yosemite, and to them, perhaps, the crimson banner of the
snow-flower will be unfurled. They may then like to remember that its
botanical name is _Sarcodes sanguinea_.




[Illustration]

SPOON-FACES.

  When they're bright and shining
  Like the summer moons,
  Two queer faces look at you
  From the silver spoons.
  One is very long, and one
  Broad as it can be,
  And both of them are grewsome things,
  As ever you did see.

  Then careful be, young people,
  And do not whine or frown,
  Lest some day you discover
  Your chin's a-growing down.
  Nor must you giggle all the time
  As though you were but loons;
  We want no _children's_ faces
  Like those in silver spoons.

       *       *       *       *       *

=The Largest Tree in the World.=--In San Francisco, encircled by a circus
tent of ample dimensions, is a section of the largest tree in the
world--exceeding the diameter of the famous tree of Calaveras by five
feet. This monster of the vegetable kingdom was discovered in 1874, on
Tule River, Tulare County, about seventy-five miles from Visalia. At
some remote period its top had been broken off by the elements or some
unknown forces, yet when it was discovered it had an elevation of 240
feet. The trunk of the tree was 111 feet in circumference, with a
diameter of 35 feet 4 inches. The section on exhibition is hollowed out,
leaving about a foot of bark and several inches of the wood. The
interior is 100 feet in circumference and 30 feet in diameter, and it
has a seating capacity of about 200. It was cut off from the tree about
12 feet above the base, and required the labor of four men for nine days
to chop it down. In the centre of the tree, and extending through its
whole length, was a rotten core about two feet in diameter, partially
filled with a soggy, decayed vegetation that had fallen into it from the
top. In the centre of this cavity was found the trunk of a little tree
of the same species, having perfect bark on it, and showing regular
growth. It was of uniform diameter, an inch and a half all the way; and
when the tree fell and split open, this curious stem was traced for
nearly 100 feet. The rings in this monarch of the forest show its age to
have been 4840 years.

       *       *       *       *       *

=Sweet Scents.=--Perfumes were used in the early times of the Chinese
Empire, when ladies had a habit of rubbing in their hands a round ball
made of a mixture of amber, musk, and sweet-scented flowers. The Jews,
who were also devoted to sweet scents, used them in their sacrifices,
and also to anoint themselves before their repasts. The Scythian ladies
went a step farther, and after pounding on a stone cedar, cypress, and
incense, made up the ingredients thus obtained into a thick paste, with
which they smeared their faces and limbs. The composition emitted for a
long time a pleasing odor, and on the following day gave to the skin a
soft and shining appearance. The Greeks carried sachets of scent in
their dresses, and filled their dining-rooms with fumes and incense.
Even their wines were often impregnated with decoctions of flowers. The
Athenians anointed pigeons with liquid perfume, and let them fly loose
about a room, scattering the drops over the guests.




[Illustration]

THE MOTHER SINGS SOFTLY TO HERSELF:


  Play, baby, in thy cradle play--
        Tick goes the clock, tick-tick, tick-tick;
        And quick goes time, quick, quick!
  Grow, baby, grow, with every day--
        Tick goes the clock, tick-tick, tick-tick;
  And babyhood will pass away,
        For quick goes time, quick, quick!

  Not long can mother watch thee so--
        Tick goes the clock, tick-tick, tick-tick;
        And quick goes time, quick, quick!
  To pretty girlhood thou wilt grow--
        Tick goes the clock, tick-tick, tick-tick;
  To womanhood, before we know,
        For quick goes time, quick, quick!

  Play, baby, in thy cradle play--
        Tick goes the clock, tick-tick, tick-tick;
        And quick goes time, quick, quick!
  And some brave lad will come some day--
        Tick goes the clock, tick-tick, tick-tick;
  And steal my baby's heart away:
        Ah, quick goes time, quick, quick!




[Illustration]


Charley Bangs is a nice boy, but it was not right of him to take his big
dog Towser to school when he heard the teacher was going to give him a
flogging-- And then to say he was afraid to send the dog home because it
was so vicious, and might turn on him, and bite him!




_TO THE READERS OF_ HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE.

       *       *       *       *       *

A CHRISTMAS GREETING.

       *       *       *       *       *

The publishers of HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE congratulate their readers on
the approach of the merry holiday season, and take pleasure in
announcing the enlargement of this journal to sixteen pages, beginning
with the Christmas number, which will be published December 23.

This change will enable the publishers to give their young readers every
week an increased variety of stories, poems, sketches, and other
attractive reading, from the best writers that can be secured. The
publishers will also avail themselves of this occasion to present
HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE to their subscribers in new and enlarged type,
which will greatly add to the beauty and attractiveness of its
appearance.

No pains or expense will be spared to make HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE the
most entertaining, instructive, high-toned, and popular weekly paper for
the youthful readers of America.

HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE will be issued every Tuesday, and may be had at
the following rates:

  _Single Copies_                   $0.04
  ONE _Subscription, one year_       1.50
  FIVE _Subscriptions,_  "           7.00

_Payable in advance. Postage free._

Subscriptions may begin with any number. When no time is specified, it
will be understood that the subscriber desires to commence with the
number issued after the receipt of order.

Remittances should be made by POST-OFFICE MONEY ORDER, or DRAFT, to
avoid risk of loss.

Address

  HARPER & BROTHERS,
  Franklin Square, New York.




A LIBERAL OFFER FOR 1880 ONLY.


HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE _and_ HARPER'S WEEKLY _will be sent to any address
for one year, commencing with the first number of_ HARPER'S WEEKLY _for
January, 1880, on receipt of $5.00 for the two Periodicals_.





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Harper's Young People, December 16,
1879, by Various

